---
title: "Prepare U.S. Citizenship"
date: 2025-12-09
categories: [US Citizen]
tags: [uscitizen]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
math: true
---

## Timeline
I filed my N400 Naturalization application online on December 9, 2025. On March 9, 2026, exactly three months later, I received notice that my interview was scheduled. This was significantly faster than the 7.5 to 8 month window estimated by the USCIS website. 남들에게 7-8개월 걸리는 프로세스가 나한테는 3개월밖에 안 걸렸냐는 질문에 대해선 추측만 가능할 뿐 어찌 된 영문이라 단정할 근거가 없다. (추측은 아래에)

## Official Resources
I prioritize official documentation over unofficial blogs. The 2026 revised citizenship study materials can be found here:
https://www.uscis.gov/citizenship/find-study-materials-and-resources/check-for-test-updates

## Reasons for a Fast Process and Precautions (Strictly My Personal Take):
* (Crucial) It is frequently reported that individuals with criminal records are detained on the spot. Therefore, we are in an era where only those without even minor records, such as parking or speeding tickets, can apply with peace of mind.
* Prepare all required documentation intuitively and thoroughly to avoid wasting time on requests for further proof.
* When preparing documents, again, prioritize meticulous proofreading.
* Never lie.
* I speculate that the numerous commendations received for exemplary conduct during military service acted as a positive factor.
* I speculate that listing "AI" as the specialization in the Master's degree section of the resume served as a plus.


## Notes on the Exam
* The total question pool has expanded to 125 items, which is 25 more than the 2025 version.
* The exam is a 1:1 verbal interview conducted with a USCIS officer.
* Applicants are asked up to 20 questions. The test concludes immediately once 12 correct answers are provided.

## 20 Random Sample Questions
Below are 20 random sample questions. If you are a U.S. born citizen, see if you can correctly answer some of them for fun

1. What is the supreme law of the land? 
2. How many amendments does the U.S. Constitution have? 
3. What is the economic system of the United States? 
4. Name one power of the U.S. Congress. 
5. What is the name of the Speaker of the House of Representatives now? 
6. The President of the United States is elected for how many years? 
7. What is the name of the President of the United States now? 
8. What is the name of the Vice President of the United States now? 
9. Who vetoes bills? 
10. What is the highest court in the United States? 
11. Who is the governor of your state now? 
12. What do we show loyalty to when we say the Pledge of Allegiance? 
13. Who lived in America before the Europeans arrived? 
14. Who wrote the Declaration of Independence? 
15. George Washington is famous for many things. Name one. 
16. Abraham Lincoln is famous for many things. Name one. 
17. What major event happened on September 11, 2001 in the United States? 
18. Why does the flag have 13 stripes? 
19. Name one thing the U.S. Constitution does. 
20. What is the rule of law? 

## Answer
For official answer, visit:
https://www.uscis.gov/citizenship/find-study-materials-and-resources/check-for-test-updates